[
	{"title": "Lanterlite Donation"},
	
	{"sub": "بِسْمِ اللَّهِ الرَّحْمَنِ الرَّحِيم"},
	
	{"sub": "We are a team that strives to spread Islam throughout the world by providing Islamic apps for Muslim and non-Muslim communities. We strive to always provide content in our apps from reliable sources, insyaa Allah, so that people can learn about Islam according to the guidance of the 'Ulama. We do all these things solely to seek the pleasure of Allah by helping His religion (Muhammad 47: 7)."},

	{"sub": "Since 2017, we have worked to produce authentic, high-quality Islamic apps with user-friendly design. By Allah's will, we have released two Android apps and one web app. Currently, we are in the process of adding important and useful features to our apps and continue to refine them from various sides."},

	{"sub": "We provide opportunities for those of you who want to contribute in the form of material for Lanterlite development. We call it business and donation. Business is a bridge that we made to establish business relations between Lanterlite and outside parties. While donation is a bridge that we made to make it easier for people to earn Sadaqah Jariyah by giving alms to help Lanterlite's project development such as Enlite and Qulite."},

	{"sub": "We distinguish between business and donation. For business, we use the concept of business transaction in Islam where outsiders will get goods or services after making payments based on contract agreements. The obtained income will be used both for the needs of team members and Lanterlite. While for donation, we will not use the donations for the needs of team members, but will be used for Lanterlite needs, such as paying server cost, etc."},

	{"sub": "For those of you who want to support us in the development of our apps, you can donate to us by filling the form below. Insyaa Allah, you will earn reward as Sadaqah Jariyah in the hereafter."},

	{"sub": "Jazakallahu khair."},

	{"sub": "السَّلاَمُ عَلَيْكُمْ وَرَحْمَةُ اللهِ وَبَرَكَاتُهُ"}
]